Farewell, the colliery worker, the muffler and the cab
Farewell, you're on the valley girls, we never will come back
The mines they are a-closing, the valleys are all doomed
There's no working around, the boys will be in London soon
My father was a miner and his father was before him
And they always had been proud to work below
Since the balney thro'b and zacks all the lads have got the sack
And the way to work in England we must go
Farewell, the colliery worker, the muffler and the cab
Farewell, you're on the valley girls, we never will come back
The mines they are a-closing, the valleys are all doomed
There's no working around, the boys will be in London soon
No more the chapel singing, for that long ago has left us
In the public house, no more the miners' song
For the population's dropping as the pit wheels are a-stopping
And I can't afford to stay here very long
Farewell, the colliery worker, the muffler and the cab
Farewell, you're on the valley girls, we never will come back
The mines they are a-closing, the valleys are all doomed
There's no working around, the boys will be in London soon
Three Herbert and three Orchid on a Pandy and Tina
With a stradon the tonpentre all of you
For we can no longer wait while Parliament debates
So have fun, farewell, we bid to all of you
Farewell, the colliery worker, the muffler and the cab
Farewell, you're on the valley girls, we never will come back
The mines they are a-closing, the valleys are all doomed
There's no working around, the boys will be in London soon